Lab 3
Shea Clark, Alexandra
2/24/2020

Objectives: Create a new domain and add organizational units
and users.

Equipment List: Lab Computer, Hyper4, Windows 10 os.

Questions:
1. Why was it important we changed the Preferred DNS Server on 
the Client?
It makes it faster and safer to browse the web. It also allows
us to keep record of the browsing on the Client server.

2. What extra step did you have to do to allow you to log in to 
the client with a domain user? Why do you suppose the Microsoft 
added that extra requirement?

The extra step we had to take was creating a group and our own
users for that group. Then enabling remote access for that group.
I'm guessing the reason why for the extra step is for security
reasons.

3. Why Active Directory? What advantages does it offer over 
using just regular servers on your network?

Active Directory allows for a single logon to access the server
globally. It also centralizes everything and provides a way
to apply security administration.

4. List several reasons why companies use virtual servers.

Using a virtual sever reduces hardware costs which also improves
energy costs. It's also much faster to install and deploy a VM
than to do another physical server.

Notes and Observations: For this lab the first thing we did
go to "Server Manager" and "Add Role -> Active Directory
Domain Services -> Install

This is when we added a new "forest" for our domain although we
actually only have one "tree" for it. 
    Root Domain name: domain4.local

Then we needed to create our first "Organizational Unit".
  Server Manager -> Tools -> Active Directory Users and Computers
  -> Create Organizational Unit -> "First OU" -> create users
 
My new user name I created was "sheaclark@domain4.local"

Next we created a new Virtual Machine called "Win4Client" and
used WinSCP to transfer the Windows 10 os to it.

When trying to install Windows we ran into the issue of the 
computer not be able to find a drive to install on. Found out
that the reason it failed was because when setting up that VM, 
it was kept on the default "Linux" setting instead of changing 
it to Windows.
Once we created a new VM called "Win4ClientA" and used the 
appropriate settings; there was no issue of installing Windows
on the drive.

After install we enabled remote access for Win4ClientA.
Then we set the DNS to 10.136.212.54
-Changed the computers name to Win4ClientA.
-Changed the domain name to Domain4.
Then reboot to changes to take effect.

ip:10.136.215.181
subnet:255.255.252.0
gateway:10.136.212.1

We were unable to activate Windows until we connected to
organizations network.
Things we did to finish up:
-Create a new Organizational Unit called "Second OU"
-Create a new user "sheaclient@domain4.local"
-Create a new group under second ou and add Shea Client & Alex
Client to be able to remote access.
-Remote desktop to Client-Success! Client logged in!

Conclusion and Reflection:
This lab was fairly similar to Lab 2 in that we created another
Virtual Machine and installed Windows 10 on it. As well as
created users to log onto it. The difference is that this VM
is set up to act like a client and will have restricted access.
