Lab 6
4/16/2020
Shea Clark and Alexandra

Objective: Become familiar with Group Policy basics and procedures.

Questions:
  1. Why is it so important that IT administrators learn Group Policy in an Active Directory 
  environment? 
    When you build and Active Directory, you already have all that you need to set up security settings without an
    additional install or cost.
  
  2. What are the levels of hierarchy for Group Policy and how do they fit together?
    Local -> Site -> Domain -> OU
      Local processes first. Site defines the physical location of the network.
      In the Domain, GPO settings are applied to everything in the domain. OU's organize people and/or machines
      that allow you to create settings for these specific groups.
      If you have a conflicting policy in the different levels, the last level (OU) will have the last say.
  
  3. By default, what is affected by the Default Domain Policy GPO?
      Everything is affected by this. If you do need to make changes to this, you have to make sure it is
      done properly.
  
  4. Often you will find policy settings with three choices: Not Configured, Enabled, or Disabled. 
  Explain why Not Configured and Disabled might not be the same.  Give an example.
      The difference between Not Configured and Disabled is that Not Configured means that nothing has been
      manipulated for that specific OU, etc. Disabled means that access has been deleted.
      An example would be if I tried to access a folder, the default for Not Configured might be Read Only and I will
      be able to see its contents. Whereas if I try to access this folder and it was Disabled for me, I wouldn't be 
      able to see anything in that folder.
  
  5. Explain why creating new GPOs rather than modifying the Default Domain Policy is generally a 
  better idea.
    Creating a new GPO is easier to manipulate and manage than the latter. Changing the Default Domain Policy will
    cause problems on a large scale if not done properly.
  
  6. Along the same line as the previous question, why is it best to keep minimal settings inside of 
  each GPO and then have many more GPOs as opposed to one GPO that contains all the 
  settings?
    It is easier to manage the settings that way.
  
  7. Describe the purpose of the commands gpupdate and gpresult.
    gpupdate updates the Group Policy settings faster than if through the graphical route.
    gpresult shows the client which GPO's have been applied or not applied.
  
  8. What might be an example where you would block GPO inheritance?
    You want to create a new server and be able to configure Direct Access.
  
  9. How does enforcing GPOs affect GPO precedence?
    Like with the desktop wallpapers. The tiers above "Accounting" will have blue and the lower tier "Accounting
    will have orange.
  
  10.  Why might you want to disable all User Configuration settings in a GPO?
    If you disable the User Configuration, it will speed up Group Policy processing.
  
  11. When testing a new GPO why might you want to filter it to an individual user or computer?
    It allows you to test out the new setting before releasing that setting to everyone.
  
  12. Why is it “dangerous” to block a GPO by using the Deny permission in the Delegation tab?
    It might cause problems with troubleshooting in the future since you can only view the Deny checkbox
    in the Delegation tab.
  
  13. What are some examples of using WMI filters for GPO filtering?
    A couple examples would be to only install software if that computer has at least so much space available.
    Another would be to only apply a firewall if it is a Windows.
  
  
Notes and Observations:
  For this lab we followed the tutorial in the book "Mastering Windows Group Policy" chapters 1-4.
  The main task was to set the desktop background to blue for everyone. Then make the necessary settings
  to make it to where the Accounting user would have an orange desktop background. 

Conclusion and Reflection:
  This was a good example on the hierarchy of Group Policy and how the "lower" level settings are going to be
  applied last and overwrite the previous settings of the upper levels.
